Redesign linux package manager pages (#18300)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/includes/linux-install-dependencies.md

When you install with a package manager, these libraries are installed for you. But, if you manually install .NET Core or you publish a self-contained app, you'll need to make sure these libraries are installed:

> - lttng-ust

Reviewer: You should include links to what these libraries are, so that someone reading this can quickly spot-check to ensure they're ok with these additional dependent libraries being installed too.

Author: Good suggestion. However, I'm not sure what to link to. This list was taken from the release notes of .NET Core.

Reviewer 2: I'd expect Linux users interested in this to know how to use their package manager to find more info:

```
$ apt info liblttng-ust0
Package: liblttng-ust0
Version: 2.11.0-1
Priority: extra
Section: libs
Source: ust
Origin: Ubuntu
Maintainer: Ubuntu Developers <ubuntu-devel-discuss@lists.ubuntu.com>
Original-Maintainer: Jon Bernard <jbernard@debian.org>
Bugs: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+filebug
Installed-Size: 802 kB
Depends: libc6 (>= 2.17), libnuma1 (>= 2.0.11), liburcu6 (>= 0.11.1), liblttng-ust-ctl4 (= 2.11.0-1)
Conflicts: liblttng-ust2
Replaces: liblttng-ust2
Homepage: https://lttng.org/
Download-Size: 160 kB
APT-Sources: http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu focal/main amd64 Packages
Description: LTTng 2.0 Userspace Tracer (tracing libraries)
```

Not opposed to adding more info here, but not sure it's necessary.

- libcurl
- openssl-libs
- krb5-libs
- libicu
- zlib
- libunwind
- libuuid

> If your OpenSSL's version >= 1.1, you'll need to install **compat-openssl10**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the target runtime environment's OpenSSL version is 1.1 or newer, you'll need to install **compat-openssl10**.
```

For more information about the dependencies, see [Self-contained Linux apps](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/Documentation/self-contained-linux-apps.md).

For .NET Core apps that use the *System.Drawing.Common* assembly, you'll also need the following dependency:

> - libgdiplus (version 6.0.1 or later)

Reviewer: Please include link to library
